docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks for considering to contribute to Ordeq!
All contributions are welcome, whether it's reporting issues, suggesting features, or submitting code changes.
This should get you started:

- Have a look at the [open issues][open-issues]
- Have a look at our guidelines below
- Set up your local environment as instructed below

## Guidelines

Feel free to challenge the below contributing guidelines.
We are young project and still figuring out how we can collaborate best.

### Development & testing

The `just` command runner tool is used for common tasks in the project.
After installing it, you can run `just` to see the available commands:

```text
Available recipes:
    localsetup        # Local installation
    lint              # Linting with ruff
    ty                # Type checking with ty
    mypy              # Type checking with mypy
    sa                # Static analysis (lint + type checking)
    fix               # Format code and apply lint fixes with ruff
    test              # Run tests per package
    test_all          # Run tests for all packages with coverage
    docs              # Build the documentation
    precommit         # Run pre-commit hooks
    precommit_install # Install pre-commit hooks
    install           # Install development dependencies
    upgrade           # Upgrade (pre-commit only)
    lock              # Lock dependencies
    bump *ARGS        # Bump version
```

Tip: install support for `just` in your IDE, e.g. [just for PyCharm](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18658-just).

Install Ordeq locally in editable mode:

```shell
just localsetup
```

(In case of any issues, check out the troubleshooting section below)

Install the pre-commit hooks:

```shell
uv run pre-commit install
```

- When you start on a work item, create a new branch `feature/*`.
- The CI pipeline will be triggered when you create a pull request.
- Pull requests should merge your branch into `main`.
- You are encouraged to open and share draft PRs for work that is pending.
- The merge type can be squash commit or merge, provided the commit messages are descriptive enough.
- There is a policy check on the PR which ensures that, before merge:
    - the build has succeeded (formatting, linters & tests pass)
    - open comments are resolved
    - at least one person besides the author has approved

### Releases

- Releases are currently done via GitHub releases.
- We use [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/) for the release tags.
- Releases should be done for each package individually, e.g. `ordeq`,`ordeq-spark`
- To create a release:
    - Go to the GitHub Releases page: https://github.com/ing-bank/ordeq/releases
    - Click "Draft a new release"
    - As tag, bump the current tag according to semantic versioning, e.g. `ordeq-yaml/v1.0.1`
    - Use the tag as title
    - Generate release notes, only keep relevant PRs.
    - Click "Publish release"
    - The CI will automatically build the package and upload it to Pypi.

### Publishing to PyPi for the first time

GitHub Actions cannot publish a new package to PyPi until GitHub is added as a Trusted Publisher for the project.
To enable automated publishing, you must first configure the Trusted Publisher settings:

- Add the new package as pending trusted publisher:
    - Go to https://pypi.org/manage/account/publishing/
    - Click "Add a new trusted publisher"
    - Enter the package name (e.g. `ordeq_spark`) as PyPi project name
    - Owner/Organization: `ing-bank`
    - Repository: `ordeq`
    - Workflow: `release.yml`
    - Environment: `pypi`
- After completing these steps, future tags pushed to the repository will trigger automated publishing via GitHub Actions.

### Troubleshooting

#### Locked dependencies

If you get an error saying: `error: Failed to parse 'uv.lock'` or `The lockfile at 'uv.lock' needs to be updated`,
this usually indicates that the dependencies were altered in the `pyproject.toml` or `uv.lock`.

- Please check if you have accidentally altered `pyproject.toml` or `uv.lock`
- Use `uv add` instead of (`uv`) `pip install`. More info [here](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/dependencies/).

#### Non-pip dependencies

If you receive the following error installing `pymssql` on Mac,
you need to install FreeTDS to get the required C-headers: `brew install freetds`.

```text
  × Failed to build `pymssql==2.3.7`
  ├─▶ The build backend returned an error
  ╰─▶ Call to `setuptools.build_meta:__legacy__.build_wheel` failed (exit status: 1)
```

#### Docker-backed Tests

Some of the unit tests rely on Docker via the [`testcontainers`][tesco] PyPI package.
If you're using Docker Desktop on macOS, these tests will fail in the default configuration:

```text
ERROR tests/.../test_xxx.py::TestFile::test_function - docker.errors.DockerException: Error while fetching server API version: ('Connection aborted.', FileNotFoundError(2, 'No such file or directory'))
```

This can be remedied by changing the configuration of Docker Desktop for macOS:

1. Open Docker Desktop, go to Settings ⇒ Advanced
1. Enable "Docker CLI Tools System ⇒ (requires password)"
1. Enable "Allow default Docker socket (requires password)"
1. Click "Apply & Restart"

#### Spark & Java

The unit tests for `ordeq-spark` run Spark on your host system.
This means that Java must be installed on your laptop, and your default Java VM must not be newer than JDK 17, because newer versions remove some deprecated functions that Spark still relies on:

```text
E                   py4j.protocol.Py4JJavaError: An error occurred while calling None.org.apache.spark.api.java.JavaSparkContext.
E                   : java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError
E                   	at org.apache.spark.unsafe.array.ByteArrayMethods.<clinit>(ByteArrayMethods.java:56)
                        ...
E                   Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodException: java.nio.DirectByteBuffer.<init>(long,int)
                        ...
```

If you use [SdkMan!][sdkm] to manage your Java installations:

```shell
sdk list java | fgrep 17 | fgrep tem
sdk install java 17.0.12-tem   # replace 12 by whatever is current
sdk default java 17.0.12-tem
```

If you use another tool to manage your JDKs, run the equivalent tasks to make sure your `JAVA_HOME` is set correctly.

[open-issues]: https://github.com/ing-bank/ordeq/issues/
[sdkm]: https://sdkman.io/
[tesco]: https://pypi.org/project/testcontainers/

Commit message:

docs(contributing): minor release instruction tweak (#125)

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thanks for considering to contribute to Ordeq!
All contributions are welcome, whether it's reporting issues, suggesting features, or submitting code changes.
This should get you started:

- Have a look at the [open issues][open-issues]
- Have a look at our guidelines below
- Set up your local environment as instructed below

## Guidelines

Feel free to challenge the below contributing guidelines.
We are young project and still figuring out how we can collaborate best.

### Development & testing

The `just` command runner tool is used for common tasks in the project.
After installing it, you can run `just` to see the available commands:

```text
Available recipes:
    localsetup        # Local installation
    lint              # Linting with ruff
    ty                # Type checking with ty
    mypy              # Type checking with mypy
    sa                # Static analysis (lint + type checking)
    fix               # Format code and apply lint fixes with ruff
    test              # Run tests per package
    test_all          # Run tests for all packages with coverage
    docs              # Build the documentation
    precommit         # Run pre-commit hooks
    precommit_install # Install pre-commit hooks
    install           # Install development dependencies
    upgrade           # Upgrade (pre-commit only)
    lock              # Lock dependencies
    bump *ARGS        # Bump version
```

Tip: install support for `just` in your IDE, e.g. [just for PyCharm](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18658-just).

Install Ordeq locally in editable mode:

```shell
just localsetup
```

(In case of any issues, check out the troubleshooting section below)

Install the pre-commit hooks:

```shell
uv run pre-commit install
```

- When you start on a work item, create a new branch `feature/*`.
- The CI pipeline will be triggered when you create a pull request.
- Pull requests should merge your branch into `main`.
- You are encouraged to open and share draft PRs for work that is pending.
- The merge type can be squash commit or merge, provided the commit messages are descriptive enough.
- There is a policy check on the PR which ensures that, before merge:
    - the build has succeeded (formatting, linters & tests pass)
    - open comments are resolved
    - at least one person besides the author has approved

### Releases

- Releases are currently done via GitHub releases.
- We use [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/) for the release tags.
- Releases should be done for each package individually, e.g. `ordeq`,`ordeq-spark`
- To create a release:
    - Go to the GitHub Releases page: https://github.com/ing-bank/ordeq/releases
    - Click "Draft a new release"
    - As tag, bump the current tag according to semantic versioning, e.g. `ordeq-yaml/v1.0.1`
    - Use the tag as title
    - Generate release notes, only keep relevant PRs.
    - Uncheck "Set as the latest release" unless the package is `ordeq`
    - Click "Publish release"
    - The CI will automatically build the package and upload it to Pypi.

### Publishing to PyPi for the first time

GitHub Actions cannot publish a new package to PyPi until GitHub is added as a Trusted Publisher for the project.
To enable automated publishing, you must first configure the Trusted Publisher settings:

- Add the new package as pending trusted publisher:
    - Go to https://pypi.org/manage/account/publishing/
    - Click "Add a new trusted publisher"
    - Enter the package name (e.g. `ordeq_spark`) as PyPi project name
    - Owner/Organization: `ing-bank`
    - Repository: `ordeq`
    - Workflow: `release.yml`
    - Environment: `pypi`
- After completing these steps, future tags pushed to the repository will trigger automated publishing via GitHub Actions.

### Troubleshooting

#### Locked dependencies

If you get an error saying: `error: Failed to parse 'uv.lock'` or `The lockfile at 'uv.lock' needs to be updated`,
this usually indicates that the dependencies were altered in the `pyproject.toml` or `uv.lock`.

- Please check if you have accidentally altered `pyproject.toml` or `uv.lock`
- Use `uv add` instead of (`uv`) `pip install`. More info [here](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/dependencies/).

#### Non-pip dependencies

If you receive the following error installing `pymssql` on Mac,
you need to install FreeTDS to get the required C-headers: `brew install freetds`.

```text
  × Failed to build `pymssql==2.3.7`
  ├─▶ The build backend returned an error
  ╰─▶ Call to `setuptools.build_meta:__legacy__.build_wheel` failed (exit status: 1)
```

#### Docker-backed Tests

Some of the unit tests rely on Docker via the [`testcontainers`][tesco] PyPI package.
If you're using Docker Desktop on macOS, these tests will fail in the default configuration:

```text
ERROR tests/.../test_xxx.py::TestFile::test_function - docker.errors.DockerException: Error while fetching server API version: ('Connection aborted.', FileNotFoundError(2, 'No such file or directory'))
```

This can be remedied by changing the configuration of Docker Desktop for macOS:

1. Open Docker Desktop, go to Settings ⇒ Advanced
1. Enable "Docker CLI Tools System ⇒ (requires password)"
1. Enable "Allow default Docker socket (requires password)"
1. Click "Apply & Restart"

#### Spark & Java

The unit tests for `ordeq-spark` run Spark on your host system.
This means that Java must be installed on your laptop, and your default Java VM must not be newer than JDK 17, because newer versions remove some deprecated functions that Spark still relies on:

```text
E                   py4j.protocol.Py4JJavaError: An error occurred while calling None.org.apache.spark.api.java.JavaSparkContext.
E                   : java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError
E                   	at org.apache.spark.unsafe.array.ByteArrayMethods.<clinit>(ByteArrayMethods.java:56)
                        ...
E                   Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodException: java.nio.DirectByteBuffer.<init>(long,int)
                        ...
```

If you use [SdkMan!][sdkm] to manage your Java installations:

```shell
sdk list java | fgrep 17 | fgrep tem
sdk install java 17.0.12-tem   # replace 12 by whatever is current
sdk default java 17.0.12-tem
```

If you use another tool to manage your JDKs, run the equivalent tasks to make sure your `JAVA_HOME` is set correctly.

[open-issues]: https://github.com/ing-bank/ordeq/issues/
[sdkm]: https://sdkman.io/
[tesco]: https://pypi.org/project/testcontainers/
